well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again we got some great news
coming out of the state Ohio Danai
amazing news legislators in the House of
Representatives in Ohio have figured out
that they have a new superpower they can
introduce legislation that will
literally change reality as we know it
it's amazing I'm I'm in all now
admittedly they're starting with
something small they're just going to
have doctors remove ectopic pregnancies
from the fallopian tubes and implant
them in the uterus I don't know why
doctors didn't think of this before but
I mean think about this think about all
those people are trying to get pregnant
they had to deal with this
well now it's solved it's great now I
know in a state with 1.7 million people
dealing with hunger 500,000 kids it
seems like a weird place to start if you
have super power but I have no doubt
that very soon
the house will legislate that unicorns
will come down and drop food off to
people in case you don't know that's not
a medical procedure that's not a thing
it doesn't exist but a bill in Ohio
suggests that doctors attempt it and if
they don't well that they can be
arrested for a new crime called
aggravated abortion murder and it
carries a possible death penalty
if we're going to propose legislation I
have something I'd like to propose let's
call it legislating medicine without a
license and come up with a cute name for
the crime to aggravated arrogance murder
because that's what this is it's
combination of arrogance and ignorance
otherwise this bill never would have
existed and I know there's somebody
propped there right now I don't know why
you get all worked up so somebody stupid
Pro too bill introduced a bill big deal
21 sponsors a fifth of the House of
Representatives in Ohio have signed on
to it 21 somebody else to say well you
know I mean maybe they just didn't read
it it carries the death penalty I'm not
sure I'd cop to not reading a bill that
carries the death penalty reading it and
sponsoring it well that's ignorant in
arrogance not reading it that's evil I'm
certain the people in the state of Ohio
there's a lot of problems there I'm
certain they would rather legislators
focus on the 1.7 million hungry people
500 thousand of them kids then everybody
seems to pretend they care about and the
house would be a good place to start
because we all know the people in the
house up there know how to feed
themselves that's what this is about
right anti-choice campaign dollars
flowing in that's what this is unless
you you want to admit to writing it
probably not
the sponsors of this bill
Candace are Keller from district 53 Ron
hood from district 78 the co-sponsors
mirage itani John Becker Tom Brinkman
John cross bill Dean
Timothy Gunther Chris Jordan Darrell
kick Susan Manchester reordan McLean
Derek Marin Phil Plummer Jenna Powell
Tracy Richardson Craig Rydell mark
Rowland Chuck Todd Smith a nino Vitaly
and Paul Zell winger this is your
representative it does not matter if
they are from your political party you
got a campaign against them you have a
moral obligation to campaign against
them these are people who sponsored a
bill that will affect more than half the
population and they know nothing about
the subject matter
nothing it carries the death penalty if
you don't do something that isn't
possible it doesn't matter if they're
part of your political party you can't
let this stand
you cannot let this stand
the state of Ohio has a lot of problems
it's rotting from the head this is
everything that is wrong with America's
leadership these are people that are
willing to execute someone
over something they don't understand
they know nothing about literally
willing to kill and they know nothing of
the subject matter and incidentally this
is the second time it's come up you want
to fix your state you got to get rid of
these people
you want to make America great again you
need to get rid of everybody that has
this level of arrogance this level of
ignorance this much willingness to end a
human life while claiming to be pro-life
over something they don't understand
they know nothing about this otherwise
they wouldn't have sponsored it the
alternative is that they were willing to
put you at risk of execution without
even reading the bill anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night